cap Cap/hat
skp Skull Cap
hlm Helm
fhl Full Helm
ghm Great Helm
crn Crown
msk Mask
qui Quilted Armor
lea Leather Armor
hla Hard Leather Armor
stu Studded Leather
rng Ring Mail
scl Scale Mail
chn Chain Mail
brs Breast Plate
spl Splint Mail
plt Plate Mail
fld Field Plate
gth Gothic Plate
ful Full Plate Mail
aar Ancient Armor
ltp Light Plate
buc Buckler
sml Small Shield
lrg Large Shield
kit Kite Shield
tow Tower Shield
gts Gothic Shield
lgl Gloves(L)
vgl Heavy Gloves
mgl Bracers(M)
tgl Light Gauntlets
hgl Gaunlets(H)
lbt Leather Boots
vbt Heavy Boots
mbt Chain Boots
tbt Light Plate Boots
hbt Plate Boots
lbl Sash(L)
vbl Light Belt
mbl Belt(M)
tbl Heavy Belt
hbl Girdle(H)
bhm Bone Helm
bsh Bone Shield
spk Spiked Shield
xap War Hat
xkp Sallet
xlm Casque
xhl Basinet
xhm Winged Helm
xrn Grand Crown
xsk Death Mask
xui Ghost Armor
xea Serpentskin Armor
xla Demonhide Armor
xtu Trellised Armor
xng Linked Mail
xcl Tigulated Mail
xhn Mesh Armor
xrs Cuirass
xpl Russet Armor
xlt Templar Coat
xld Sharktooth Armor
xth Embossed Plate
xul Chaos Armor
xar Ornate Armor
xtp Mage Plate
xuc Defender
xml Round Shield
xrg Scutum
xit Dragon Shield
xow Pavise
xts Ancient Shield
xlg Demonhide Gloves
xvg Sharkskin Gloves
xmg Heavy Bracers
xtg Battle Gauntlets
xhg War Gauntlets
xlb Demonhide Boots
xvb Sharkskin Boots
xmb Mesh Boots
xtb Battle Boots
xhb War Boots
zlb Demonhide Sash
zvb Sharkskin Belt
zmb Mesh Belt
ztb Battle Belt
zhb War Belt
xh9 Grim Helm
xsh Grim Shield
xpk Barbed Shield
dr1 Wolf Head
dr2 Hawk Helm
dr3 Antlers
dr4 Falcon Mask
dr5 Spirit Mask
ba1 Jawbone Cap
ba2 Fanged Helm
ba3 Horned Helm
ba4 Assault Helmet
ba5 Avenger Guard
pa1 Targe
pa2 Rondache
pa3 Heraldic Shield
pa4 Aerin Shield
pa5 Crown Shield
ne1 Preserved Head
ne2 Zombie Head
ne3 Unraveller Head
ne4 Gargoyle Head
ne5 Demon Head
ci0 Circlet
ci1 Coronet
ci2 Tiara
ci3 Diadem
dr6 Alpha Helm
dr7 Griffon Headress
dr8 Hunter's Guise
dr9 Sacred Feathers
dra Totemic Mask
ba6 Jawbone Visor
ba7 Lion Helm
ba8 Rage Mask
ba9 Savage Helmet
baa Slayer Guard
pa6 Akaran Targe
pa7 Akaran Rondache
pa8 Protector Shield
pa9 Guilded Shield
paa Royal Shield
ne6 Mummified Trophy
ne7 Fetish Trophy
ne8 Sexton Trophy
ne9 Cantor Trophy
nea Heirophant Trophy
drb Blood Spirt
drc Sun Spirit
drd Earth Spirit
dre Sky Spirit
drf Dream Spirit
bab Carnage Helm
bac Fury Visor
bad Destroyer Helm
bae Conquerer Crown
baf Guardian Crown
pab Sacred Targe
pac Sacred Rondache
pad Ancient Shield
pae Zakarum Shield
paf Vortex Shield
neb Minion Skull
neg Hellspawn Skull
ned Overseer Skull
nee Succubae Skull
nef Bloodlord Skull
yap Hood
ykp Fedora
ylm Guardian Helm
yhl Gladiator Helm
yhm Tusk Helm
yrn Royal Crown
ysk Devil Mask
yui Padded Armor
yea Viper Skin
yla Demon Carapace
ytu Gemstoned Armor
yng Heavy Mail
ycl Dragon Scale
yhn Chain Shirt
yrs Chest Guard
ypl Demon Fleece
ylt Plated Cuirass
yld Combat Plate
yth Royal Armor
yul Ceremonial Armor
yar Archaic Armor
ytp Archmage Plate
yuc Petrified Buckler
yml Desert Shield
yrg Giant Buckler
yit Military Shield
yow Royal Guard
yts Body Shield
ylg Spellcaster Gloves
yvg Viper Hands
ymg Sepulcher Gloves
ytg Gladiator Bracers
yhg Titan Bracers
ylb Rogue Boots
yvb Viper Boots
ymb Sepulcher Boots
ytb Plated Boots
yhb Gladiator Boots
alb Hemp Band
avb Rogue Belt
bmb Merchant Belt
atb Military Belt
ahb Girdle
yh9 Demon Skull
ysh Demon Shield
ypk Thorned Shield
cix Hachigane
eht Spirit Crown
xht Ethereal Crown
yht Enchanted Crown
dwc Dwarven Crown
xdw Dwarven Helm
ydw Dwarven Battle Helm
clk Cloak
xlk Summoner's Cloak
ylk Enchanted Cloak
rob Robe
xrb Mage Robe
yrb Archmage Robe
shl Spiked Shoulder
xhh Thorned Armor
yhh Spiked Armor
elv Elven Chain
xlv Drow Adamantite Chain
ylv Sylvan Chain
fts Fortress Shield
xft Reflection Shield
yft Ceremonial Shield
irg Iron Guards
xig Imperial Guards
yig Royal Guards
dbt Dimensional Boots
xbt Mystile Boots
ybt Spirit Boots
msb Muscle Belt
xms Titan Brace
yms Gladiator Wrap
ci4 Faceguard
