hax Hand Axe
axe Axe
2ax Double Axe
mpi Military Pick
wax War Axe
lax Large Axe
bax Broad Axe
btx Battle Axe
gax Great Axe
gix Giant Axe
wnd Wand
ywn Yew Wand
bwn Bone Wand
gwn Grim Wand
clb Club
scp Scepter
gsc Grand Scepter
wsp War Scepter
spc Spiked Club
mac Mace
mst Morning Star
fla Flail
whm War Hammer
mau Maul
gma Great Maul
ssd Short Sword
scm Scimitar
sbr Saber
flc Falchion
crs Crystal Sword
bsd Broad Sword
lsd Long Sword
wsd War Sword
2hs Two-Handed Sword
clm Claymore
gis Giant Sword
bsw Bastard Sword
flb Flamberge
gsd Great Sword
dgr Dagger
dir Dirk
kri Kriss
bld Blade
tkf Throwing Knife
tax Throwing Axe
bkf Balanced Knife
bal Balanced Axe
jav Javelin
pil Pilum
ssp Short Spear
glv Glaive
tsp Throwing Spear
spr Spear
tri Trident
brn Brandistock
spt Spetum
pik Pike
bar Bardiche
vou Voulge
scy Scythe
pax Poleaxe
hal Halberd
wsc War Scythe
sst Short Staff
lst Long Staff
cst Gnarled Staff
bst Battle Staff
wst War Staff
sbw Short Bow
hbw Hunter's Bow
lbw Long Bow
cbw Composite Bow
sbb Short Battle Bow
lbb Long Battle Bow
swb Short War Bow
lwb Long War Bow
lxb Light Crossbow
mxb Crossbow
hxb Heavy Crossbow
rxb Repeating Crossbow
gps Rancid Gas Potion
ops Oil Potion
gpm Choking Gas Potion
opm Exploding Potion
gpl Strangling Gas Potion
opl Fulminating Potion
d33 decoy dagger
g33 Gidbinn
leg Wirt's Leg
hdm Horadric Malus
hfh Hellforge Hammer
hst Horadric Staff
msf Staff of the Kings
9ha Hatchet
9ax Cleaver
92a Twin Axe
9mp Crowbill
9wa Naga
9la Military Axe
9ba Bearded Axe
9bt Tabar
9ga Gothic Axe
9gi Ancient Axe
9wn Burnt Wand
9yw Petrified Wand
9bw Tomb Wand
9gw Grave Wand
9cl Cudgel
9sc Rune Scepter
9qs Holy Water Sprinkler
9ws Divine Scepter
9sp Barbed Club
9ma Flanged Mace
9mt Jagged Star
9fl Knout
9wh Battle Hammer
9m9 War Club
9gm Martel de Fer
9ss Gladius
9sm Cutlass
9sb Shamshir
9fc Tulwar
9cr Dimensional Blade
9bs Battle Sword
9ls Rune Sword
9wd Ancient Sword
92h Espadon
9cm Dacian Falx
9gs Tusk Sword
9b9 Gothic Sword
9fb Zweihander
9gd Executioner Sword
9dg Poignard
9di Rondel
9kr Cinquedeas
9bl Stilleto
9tk Battle Dart
9ta Francisca
9bk War Dart
9b8 Hurlbat
9ja War Javelin
9pi Great Pilum
9s9 Simbilan
9gl Spiculum
9ts Harpoon
9sr War Spear
9tr Fuscina
9br War Fork
9st Yari
9p9 Lance
9b7 Lochaber Axe
9vo Bill
9s8 Battle Scythe
9pa Partizan
9h9 Bec-de-Corbin
9wc Grim Scythe
8ss Jo Staff
8ls Quarterstaff
8cs Cedar Staff
8bs Gothic Staff
8ws Rune Staff
8sb Edge Bow
8hb Razor Bow
8lb Cedar Bow
8cb Double Bow
8s8 Short Siege Bow
8l8 Long Siege Bow
8sw Rune Bow
8lw Gothic Bow
8lx Arbalest
8mx Siege Crossbow
8hx Balista
8rx Chu-Ko-Nu
qf1 KhalimFlail
qf2 SuperKhalimFlail
ktr Katar
wrb Wrist Blade
axf Hatchet Hands
ces Cestus
clw Claws
btl Blade Talons
skr Scissors Katar
9ar Quhab
9wb Wrist Spike
9xf Fascia
9cs Hand Scythe
9lw Greater Claws
9tw Greater Talons
9qr Scissors Quhab
7ar Suwayyah
7wb Wrist Sword
7xf War Fist
7cs Battle Cestus
7lw Feral Claws
7tw Runic Talons
7qr Scissors Suwayyah
ob1 Eagle Orb
ob2 Sacred Globe
ob3 Smoked Sphere
ob4 Clasped Orb
ob5 Dragon Stone
am1 Stag Bow
am2 Reflex Bow
am3 Maiden Spear
am4 Maiden Pike
am5 Maiden Javelin
ob6 Glowing Orb
ob7 Crystalline Globe
ob8 Cloudy Sphere
ob9 Sparkling Ball
oba Swirling Crystal
am6 Ashwood Bow
am7 Ceremonial Bow
am8 Ceremonial Spear
am9 Ceremonial Pike
ama Ceremonial Javelin
obb Heavenly Stone
obc Eldritch Orb
obd Demon Heart
obe Vortex Orb
obf Dimensional Shard
amb Matriarchal Bow
amc Grand Matron Bow
amd Matriarchal Spear
ame Matriarchal Pike
amf MatriarchalJavelin
0ha Barbarian Tomahawk
0ax Precision Cleaver
82a Duo-Axe
0mp Razor Axe
0wa Viking Axe
0la Brawn Axe
0ba Heavy Axe
0bt Split Axe
0ga Guillotine Axe
0gi Slayer Axe
0wn Sacred Wand
0yw Sepulcher Wand
0bw Callous Wand
0gw Demonic Wand
0cl Cranium Basher
5sc Celestial Scepter
0qs Holy Scepter
0ws Blessed Scepter
0sp Thorned Club
0ma Arcane Mace
0mt Serrated Star
0fl Dire Flail
0wh Military Hammer
0m0 Ancient Maul
0gm Titan's Maul
0ss Gladiator Blade
0sm Desert Sword
0sb Rapier
0fc Okrist
0cr Jeweled Edge
0bs Viking Sword
0ls Arcane Sword
0wd Trojan Sword
02h Judgement Blade
0cm Titan's Dagger
0gs Lithe Blade
0b0 Dark Sword
0fb Hellfire Sword
0gd Death Blade
0dg Carved Bone
0di Mithral Knife
0kr Fang Knife
0bl Ancient Spike
0tk Throwing Dagger
0ta Throwing Hatchet
0bk Balanced Dagger
0b6 Balanced Hatchet
0ja Ancient Shards
0pi Dire Pilum
0s9 Lissom Spear
0gl Ahab Spear
0ts Whale Hunter
0sr Guisarme
0tr Grapnel
0br Dragon Spear
0st Ranseur
0p0 Impaler
0b7 Urgrosh
0vo Pole Gauche
0s8 Shadow Scythe
0pa Royal Partizan
0h0 Guardian
0wc Death Reaper
1ss Elder Cane
1ls Mystic Staff
1cs Petrified Staff
1bs Mage Staff
1ws Arcane Staff
1sb Spiderwoven Bow
1hb Sharp Bow
1lb Shade Bow
1cb Dark Bow
1s8 Rogue Bow
1l8 Marksman Bow
1sw Arcane Bow
1lw Ancient Bow
1lx Choice Crossbow
1mx Marksman Crossbow
1hx Odysseus Crossbow
1rx Assassin Crossbow
aq2 Magic Arrows
cq2 Magic Bolts
aq0 Magic Arrows (soc)
cq0 Magic Bolts (soc)
gsp Great Scepter
9gp Consecrated Scepter
0gp Seraphic Scepter
apb Precision Bow
9pb Tuigan Bow
0pb Elven Bow
nin Ninja To (Old)
9nn Wakizashi (Old)
0nn Katana
bts Tribal Spear
9xb Highland Javelin
0xb Mountain Clan Spear
shc Oak Branch
9sh Shaman Wand
0sh Shillelagh
nrd Ritualistic Dagger
9rd Sacrificial Dagger
0rd Ceremonial Dagger
nsy Wretched Scythe
9ns Dire Scythe
0ns Soul Scythe
syn Dread Scythe
9sy Doom Blade
0sy Soul Destroyer
pbe Blessed Edge
9be Divine Blade
0be Celestial Blade
mnb Mana Blade
9mn Energy Blade
0mn Magic Blade
njt Ninja To
9nj Wakizashi
kkl Brass Knuckle
9kl Tekko
0kl Raging Knuckle
arm Battering Arm
9rm Rock Buster
0rm Wrecking Arm
